It’s really nice with the “DEEP” fragrance. It’s awesome
it's a year now still good and lasts longer.So far I have bought three of these for my friends and not a single complaint.
I love it, exactly what I want
It takes a while to be fully charged but it works perfectly.
This is my second buy I gave the first one out,I will recommend 1000000%
I just started using it but it's working perfectly
Fine product, but doesn't last long like a 20000 MAh powerbank should.
Very good battery and cheaper
Nice size, lasts long but the last bar when charging and how heavy it is
It’s perfect already
I like this powerbank,  very nice
Last long,it just so good,I recommend it for u
The item is very good
It lasts for about 48hrs... If used wisely!!
Good product
It’s a nice and strong product , I will order for more
The power bank is good, it serve it purpose.
It’s nice I think exactly what I want
Good, but it can be better
It can charge so many devices and still not run Down. I recommend it to everyone.
The product is very good.
The product is lovely.
I have been using it for 2 days now and it's still serving me. I recommend
I’ve been using it for a while now and no complain at all. I highly recommend
It's just once I have used it, it was good and I hope it continues.
Is very nice exactly what I ordered u guys are the best
Increase the quality of the battery 
Is a very good product when I advice every one to get one of this..... Charged my phone twice time in fact  portable power bank is God sent to me ✋????✋????✋????✋
Exactly what I ordered, nice & pocket friendly.
ACE Elect is a good product. They have never 
 disappoint
Recommend for guyz to explore the world
I Love the Cool Sensation I feel each time I used it
It's very good but need to work on the last two bar
The product is very useful and I good.
I charged it full and it has really served me for a long time now
I recommend this and I am even planning to buy another one, yes
exactly what I ordered just make sure you charge it full before using it so that it can last. Am going to recommend it anytime anyday
Perfect, exactly what I ordered for
I love it...my ever go to
It’s nice and yeah lasts longer than expected
The power bank really strong and not too big in physical I love it %100
This product perfectly okay.
Ace Elec 2000 is a good buy
Sincerely I love it 
Since the day I bought it my phone never run out of power
Works perfectly fine and quite portable too
The vagrant is pleasant I like it
Love the long lasting fragrance
The battery last long, i love it
It’s really nice. Fast charge and lasts long
It's been nice, charges well, lasts long. No problems so far
The power bank is a little bit Good, but when we reach the 2nd bar it drains excessively fast
It lasts long, it's portable and easy to carry about and it's beautiful. I highly recommend it.
I love is very fast charging
I've not used it yet,I got 2 for me and my sis, and she seems to like it, hopefully will too.
Very good power bank it last long then expected
Firstly, the power bank is very durable, it lasts long and it is portable. But I noticed that while I charge my phone for some hours, it will go off, making me feel like the battery is completely drained. As soon as I plug a charger to power it again, I'll realize that it still has up to 3 led light indicators.
The battery usage is perfect
Wow the power bank can last for Africa I love it 
I love everything in this product
The short was great but the quality of the top was poor and it was small for the size i ordered
Last longer and faster charging... 
   I'll recommend you to get it for your time purpose
The first two bars are actually good while the last 2 are weak.
It’s nearly perfect  I highly recommend
It's a really good product and pretty affordable for the work it does.
I usually don't write reviews until after a month of use. For this product, so far, so good; it's been working decently for me. On a full charge, the first bar is quite strong. It can charge your phone full twice without draining the battery or dropping a bar. Overall, once it drops to 2 bars before the last, at that point, it drains faster. If this is considered a review, that's my honest review after one month of using this product.
The product is okay!! It was good battery life. The only thing is that the USB plug is a little t tight
A product is working perfectly I like it
I like the fragrance of black cabon? on the skin
Got what I ordered in good condition. The roll-on smells okay but not as nice as I wanted.
Very good power bank
Long lasting. It charged my phone trice before it runs out of charge
I love it's portability and long lasting power
The first dot charged my phone full and still didn’t move to the next dot . It’s strong and looks good too
Very nice product to use
Product just  as seen. Great product.
Love is an understatement, this product is literally awesome. The product is like rock, although it's takes time to fully charge,but it last long. It would be nice if the manufacturer can include quick charge so it can fully charge on time, other than that, the product is a 10/10 for me
Absolutely Amazing
VERY Portable not conspicuous to carry around more like lightweight.
Its stated on the name that its for men. But I use it cos I love the fragrance and am a lady. so any gender can use it.
The battery is very strong i have charged 2 phones and 3 hear bud the bar is still not dropping, i really love the power bank
Strong anf reliable. it is also comfortable to carry about
It’s so portable and the battery is long lasting. I love it!
Lasts long, it’s very comfortable and gentle on the skin.
Very good and outstanding
Nivea is always good products
Very fast, strong and affordable,
I really really love it.
Really good quality and fast charging indeed
I had  to buy another one for my sis,cos it works perfectly well
The quality is really good
It’s a great power bank but the only thing I dislike is that once it’s get to its last bar it stops to charge it has 4bars but as soon as it gets to the 4th bar it’s will stop working again apart from that it is very nice
Everything is good 
And it lasts longer if one person charges at a time. But two phones at a time it won't last 
I love it
I love this product, smelling good is one of my goal and I love it
Perfect battery durability
It doesn't last long but I like the size
by Greatness Odungide
The last third bar that last much, but first bar and second are good.
it was very Good more then what am expecting...
If you could put touch on it, it will be better.
However it is still OK like that
comfortable and it is a perfect fragrance
I'm thoroughly impressed with this power bank's performance! It's strong, reliable, and charges my devices quickly. Great product.
Nice product, enjoying it
Just keep producing good power bank
Lovely fragrance and long lasting
I love it, it's very solid and really strong.
The power output is very reliable as well
I really love it ,am happy I bought it because we have low power supply
Good power bank. Highly recommended
not what expected not a good quality
I love everything about this power Bank it's so good
It's very nice and effective
The product is good and it's original
The first 2 lights at the top lasts very well but the last 2 is not that strong.. still good tho
Though I'm still charging it,yet to use it
It's nice
Lasts long And has good quality
Good and chagering fast
So far it's still working perfectly
Wish it had a flash light. But it's good so far
Strong and lasting highly recommended
The product was great
The powerbank is good. It's working perfectly and last long
It last don't let the size fool you is a very good power bank
It very very powerful 
It very very nice
It’s comfortable and easy to carry around
It's working perfectly, I just hope it will last
I don't like the item you post to me is too small
The product is nice and economical. However, a little improvement is needed because it doesn’t last long.
It was just okay and in perfect condition
I used to be too anxious about sweating on various occasions but this product handles it perfectly.
Durability and working perfectly well .Charge before use to Enjoy to the fullest
i'm in love with it
This product is really amazing
I'm enjoying it 
Great power bank and it lasts longer
Lasts really long actually... Very nice
Bought it as a gift for my girlfriend and she love it..She reviewed the battery life as great and it lasts long
The capacity is updated and it's indeed ultra slim portable power Bank...... I too much love this power Bank 
Thanks.
It's durable. Very good
Keep it up good product
I like it
It’s charges my phone 8 times and just only one bars is exhausted
It looks like what I ordered, but I'm yet to test the capacity. I hope it will last.
Using it now , good and durable
Perfect, i like it, it's strong and lasting too
I so much love this power bank, it charges my phone 100 percent up to 5 times. It's a top notch for me.
It is ok, it last longer than I expected but when it reaches 2 dots, it just go faster but it's a good product though
Has a very good battery life
I like the design of the power bank
The power bank is very good and easy to carry anywhere you want to go
It's a very good product this is my 4th orders and it serves the purpose
Works as described. I'll recommend it to everyone
The power Bank is good. I love the performance when fully charged.
At 2bar it doesn't last again I think that can be 
improved on
I ended up, buying 3 more because it is so good and long lasting
I love the product. What I ordered for was what I got
Amazing very strong lasting battery. I highly recommend it everyone
Very portable, i love it
Excellent 
Third time buying it
Once fully charged, it'll last. I recommend it
Excellento! I am always ready for the nivea promo. My best buy
Well, this product is nice and lit, other people I purchased for, probably lack of care make theirs didn't last, but mine is 7 months and still working fine
So to some extent it's good.
It's portable and good
It last longer than I expected 
Good product
Long lasting strong good
The quality is not really what I expected.
It's too inferior
The top is too small and a very poor quality but the down made me smile.I recommend you to order the biggest size if you are okay about the quality of the polo
So far it lasts long for me
So it’s a good buy
The fragrance is great. It lasts long and it's also anti perspirant
19-05-2025by ObademiVerified Purchase
Working perfectly, highly recommend for u
I suggest if the quality can be maintained for now
Is very enjoyable
The power bank is really nice
Just that it takes forever b4 the power bank can charge fully
If you can keep good quality I think you can go to sleep while your product will speak for you.
Very nice, good product
I like it is very good
Very very good n portable
The item is very okay and it's really good
It's actually but I don't like the ideology for the last 2 bar been weak.
I love it’s so good and long lasting 
I will recommend to all my friends
It is one of the best powerbank I’ve ever used 
And I don’t even know it is not popular 
I will give in a 99.5 over 100
The material used in making the shirt is different from the short's. Low quality.
It came in good shape
Nice product, last long
This Power Bank works excellently. It's a good companion in this country where NEPA cannot be trusted.
This is the fourth time am buying this because people like it
The power bank is very efficient. It lasts long. Only that the cable charges not fast. But this power bank is somewhat the best. I hope it won't be pirated. But its very good. You can bank on it
Nice and long lasting
I love the material
It's a good power bank . But there is a noise that comes while using the power bank to charge your phone and it is also slow when using it to charge phone. But aside from these it's a really good power bank.
It is just like a jersey for a 10 year old, not what I expected
Perfect as av always wanted
Very good... I don't have any issues with it yet
Works perfectly, no issue
Lasts me like four days straight
its portable and durable rated the best ever power Bank i ever use , infact with My recommendations 3 of My friend has bought it
It’s really good for men
It's potable and I love it but it doesn't charge phone more than 3 times.
The 3rd charging won't complete
It Last and it is good
Last long, charge my phone like 5 times before it gets low
Working perfectly fine
Ace elec power banks are good value for money.
Exactly what I ordered. Love it.
It's very strong and portable I love it
The product is good and what the money
Very strong and long lasting, I highly recommend
I love the size, it's a smaller version compared to brands of the same Mah
The battery is nice
I just started using it today I think it's good
This is the second time I am buying this product, one for myself and one for a friend. It is a good product and no issue so far
Long lasting power bank I love it
I love it, strong battery
I think it’s good and it lasts. I haven’t really used it till the last battery but it has charged my phone twice and I don’t think it’s has lost more than one bar
Excellent performance and fast charging
The battery life is so good 
I recommend this to any other buyer
Its nice but doesn't last 48hrs
Just stopped working abruptly two weeks after I bought it, not nice at all
Take long to charge but it is good
Very good and reliable
I can't even tell how many I've bought both for me and people around me
I've lost count it's a good buy
The power bank is good and long lasting
This product is nice I like it it's got nice smell. I gave a 4 star because I can't see the level it's gotten therefore I don't know when it would finish till it finishes
I don’t think I’ll like to buy this again
power bank is good ans its last a lot. i have to order for my sister again bcos she like it
U love the product ...keep it up
Long lasting and moderate weight, good!
It’s durable but the type c is only for charging the power bank u can’t charge other devices from the type c but over all it’s nice
I like it as it is portable.
Very good and last longer
Its good but it doesn't last 48hrs though. More like 12-15hrs. It's okay though.
Have bought it for more than 3 persons highly recommend
The battery drains so fast, even not strong like the 10000mah earlier bought, despite being same product.
I got the value of what I ordered with no issues very good product
It's effective, though some are a bit tacky.seems the quality is already dropping
Very nice works perfectly
It's working perfectly
I like it.....it looks portable and the battery is strong
Long lasting and portable 
I love love it
The powerbank is never good
I really enjoy my power bank it's long lasting I want to buy more of it. I love it more than other product
I love it nice and steady
The shirt is too small. But the quality is good ????
Working fine and good and it last longer as well.
I would like to buy another set very soon
I recommend everyone to this product 
It's durable , Portable and fast charging
19-05-2025by IsrealVerified Purchase
The deep collection is amazing
It's really strong I like it 
I love the power bank
It’s a very good buy, I love the size but it doesn’t last and takes a lot of time to charge
It lasts longer than I expected,and it's charging frequency is dope.
like wtf man I love it
it’s the perfect match for any armpit
The power bank actually charges my phone 4 times. It's a quality product
Enjoying it for now hope it will continue like this
The Product is really great..
My only problem is with there size measurements... 2xl is there Xl
The power bank charges my 5000mah phone battery three and half times. This is good. And I love the portability
this last one i bought is working perfectly not like others that off at 2bar
Perfect lasting quality
Works perfectly I love it
It strong and I like it????
I love the short, but the shirt is not my size
I bought this power bank since 17/6/2023, I just rated it on this day 11/6/2025 since then is still working and good, though I bought it for my girlfriend, now we not together anymore
The product is very good, and it works efficiently
It's is very strong and sence able power bank easy to put insidey Pocket
I'm not even regretting of buying it 
I love it
I like it. It is okay
Its very good and durable.
Just don't use the phone while charging with the powerbank it will drain faster.
But without using ur phone while charging it can charge ur phone 2 to 3 times. Depending on your phone battery capacity.
The person I bought it for like it
I like the design but not so much the quality, maybe improve on that.
is okay I like the product
It ok but quality I below my expectations
The product is good, It last longer than I expected. I'm still testing the product
I like the product, it's lite in weight and last
It's working well, it's good to go for anyone interested in it
it's fairly ok but doesn't look like what may last long
The battery of this is good
Nice one lasting battery
The battery lasts long and the power bank is of good quality
It's cotton and of good quality
The product is working very well and lasts very well. I love it .
It is good product from Nivea
Have only used the power bank for 5months now, and so far so good it as been performing well. It can charge my phone 3times. Just to also let you know, it takes about 7 to 8 hours to fully charge the power bank.
I stopped using body spray and stuck with roll-ons. It has been great using this. I love it, along with the Deep Impact lotion for men.
The battery is very strong I bought 1 and also bought 4 pieces for my friends and they rate it nicely
So far so good the power last long
Yes I like it’s a good product
Well, to be candid. I'm not always using it due to the constant that we have, I just bought for a backup. But I have tested it and I like it.
Thank you.
What an excellent product, if you charge it full it can charge all your gadgets and still standing
It's great... serving it's purpose
Perfect..charges fast
pretty good, but spends a lot of time to charge
After buying one, I bought another one and does recommend it to others
It's a good product I'm enjoying it for now and I've recommend it to 3 people.
Keep the quality
This power bank is very good and I’m loving it
It's already perfect
It’s a good product and it’s last
It's has a nice scent
It last long ......I love it
The power bank is very portable and works perfectly.
Looking like a good buy tho
Great product
nice fragrance
Fast charging but the follow-come chord is so soft and does not fit it's charging port well.
Its is very strong and serves me well. I love it.
It's good and last well for me
I love the fact that it is portable and the battery is also strong
Very strong power bank good for the amount
You can start by checking the Battery capacity and the Quality
It’s working perfectly
This has been my Fav choice of Anti-perspirant roll on for years. I'm not surprised more people have adopted it through my recommendations maybe because of it very welcoming scent or it's ability to keep your under arm, not only clean but dry and sweat free
Working great and fine
It works for long and perfect
The item is portable and durable is a very good product,I love it.
It's very strong and nice
It's Good and easy to walk with,
Very Simple
Love the battery life
I love it, it's so affordable and work perfectly
Is nice and very lovely
Good for low budget
Good powerbank. Small but mighty
It works really great and lasts for long, but doesn't have a torch alongside ????
The power bank is very nice and strong
Good anti perspirant quality
Nivea deep roll on is a very good product
For now it's good, i really like it though i just started using it yesterday but i believe its gonna be great
Nice one. You would be glad to share one with a friend.
It lasts m and good enough.
Is good product I commend it for over 5 people and they're enjoying it.
Its durability and charges my phone perfectly.
19-05-2025by Christopher OkonVerified Purchase
The power bank is good
I wasn't expecting it to be strong because of the amount but it's surprised me good power bank I recommend it
I love it, it works very fine
Very good and reliable
19-05-2025by OkoliVerified Purchase
It worths buying! Very good! I enjoy it
Nice,good product but not really strong.but I love it
So far so good. I have not encountered any problems. This product is okay
Very nice  
Recommendable
This is a good powerbank. I will order for my friends.
it worth the purchase,very strong and efficient
Good and faster strong enough
Nice product
Still testing it out and so far it does the job nice power bank
I love dey way it lasts
It's exactly what I ordered and it's good
second time getting this product. really good
2year plus and still in good condition
I recommend this, I have bought it for so many people and it's still same quality
It like 15000 mah not up to 20000 mah they wrote
It’s been so good
Love it..it has a nice and sweet fragrance.
Quality powerbank, maybe not up to 20000mah, but has lasted for a year now and hasn't diminished..
I love the powerbank it last longer than I expected
It’s very easy to carry around, it charges effortlessly and I love it so much
It lasts a great deal.....fast charging also
Good quality it's awesome
Nothing else to say, just a nice product
I ordered it for my brother, I hope it's good
Good but should increase the vol and power
Very nice. 
Recommended
It's a good one from nivea.
I love it, most especially the long lasting is everything
The roll on fragrance is really nice.
Good.
But last longer when fully charged.
Fully charge??? You are good to go
But once it gets to two lights don't share it
Seems nice. Hope it will last.
Super good I love it
It's a nice product, I enjoyed it
I love it. Long lasting power bank
The first bar charges my phone twice before going down to the second bar & it's portable. It also charges fast and I can use two chargers to charge it and trust me it won't spoil it as they say. This is the third time I am buying it for my loved ones, It's a good buy.
Bought like 5 already for myself and others
Battery is effective and good 
Ok
It was good as usual. Nivea has good products
The product is good
Serving its purpose s'and long lasting
Nice fragrance, I have ordered more
Good charge and doesn't drain fast
It's truly light to carry and works perfectly well.
Very good products I can recommend it for you
It's lasting longer is nice
It works perfectly I recommend it for anyone who need it
The power bank is strong and good I love it the best I ever knew
It's very strong. Nice product
It's a very good product. Highly effective
The built is quality and it last well too
Working perfectly, my phone 247 active
It's feels good on the skin
It was good and strong
portable and work efficiently. Good charger
Good as new after 1 month of usage
Very good strong for my iPhone
It's good but, it's only the first two bars that last when fully charged
I ordered the XXXL and it was still was small and tight.
Secondly, the material wasn't even quality but rubbery
The power bank is doing its job faithfully. It charges our phones without stress. love it.
Nice long lasting protection
I love it and I want more 2
It’s very strong and reliable good product
Lasts long when properly charged before using. I highly recommend.
Very nice and as expected ✅
I Love this power bank, it is very good and durable.
This is so amazing, I love the scent and everything!!
Slightly heavier than i expected but VERY GOOD, 1 bar charges my phone and airpods full & i use a Samsung. ????????
Buy buy buy...I recommend at least it lasts and very affordable
Low quality and not too long
Mine didn't come with a charger, but the power bank last really well but again might take a while before it changes to full,, I recommend, good for emergency
Very good products and it last longer  than I expected
It works really well, it charges my phone multiple times. I would recommend!
She said is strong
It can charge  3 phones on  1 light
Am ordering it for my dad and sis too
I highly recommend it
It need a more stronger body 
the last one i bought, there was a time it fell and two of the light that shows the battery precentage went off.
pls work on that aside that it is a nice product
Working perfectly and strong
It's very amazing and portable for handling
Charging is it slow but it charged my phone perfectly ...
Good, reliable, and affordable
I love this power bank. The battery capacity is really Good. I used it to charge both of my phones to 100%(a Redmi A3 pro and an iPhone 10) and only one of the lights is off. So I know it will last me very well. I’ve been using it for a week now and I’ve not even seen it drop two bars. Only the first one. So I definitely approve of this
Nice product I love it
Its unique and I love it
I love the power. Very fast charging
A friend told me about it and I loved it that I ended up buying 12 pieces at a go .
Very nice product
Love the fact that it is very handy and can enter any pocket.
Charges my iPhone 8 like 4-5 times
Meh I love this shit
This website uses cookies. For further information on how we use cookies you can read ourPrivacy and Cookie notice
The product is good, I recommend it for any prospective users
It's too short and lacks quality
Quality is good charge my phone well but to charge the power bank slowly to charge
The power bank is good and portable
The thing I like most about it it's it portability
It is very good just that when you it drops down to two led light it drains easily...
I love it,its perfect
It's is very good and last long
Good and faithful, keep it up
I love buy it don’t regret buying it
It was good at first but spoilt after about a year
I charge my phone several times with it. It's an amazing power bank in a small form factor.
It's good, works well
The product is a very nice product and very affordable compared to other products
This is a very good power, charges fast and lasts long
Charges my phone more than 4 times
It's very good and strong
Lovely and nice but put a charger  head next.
improving in the quality and standard
It's a good product and it's strong too..am buying another right away
It's a really good product. It charges fast and the battery last long.
Very good quality and long lasting
It's good  I really appreciate
this product is the best i've used in recent time, no flash light strictly charging. i recommend it.
Love it 
Tested and trusted
Nice product, but there's room for improvement, especially on how fast it charges.
This is excellent. Keep it up Ace Elec
Strong and excellent ????
It last long and good
Smells calm and deep. Great one for every man
This is a lovely product. It's strong and charged phone fast due to fast charging technology.
This is the second product I am buying even though the first one is still serving me
It’s a good product. Charges your device welll.
It charged my phone three times, like fully charged for three times
It isn't strong; definitely not 20000mAh. It's relatively good value though considering how cheap it is compared to other products
I pick 4xl and it could barely fit M size
Good product, durable and portable
It charges my phone to full 3 times before it drops to 2 bars. It's nice and portable but the last 2 bars don't last
Top has a low quality
Small, simple and quality device.
It's a nice p.bank so far
I've always preferred antiperspirants for men because of their potency. This product is awesome. I really love the way it smells, and I'm a lady. So just imagine. It also doesn't leave any white residue on your underarms when it dries off. I am not a sweaty person, so the roll-on's effect probably lasts for much longer when I use it. Nice.
Perfect 
Judy as described
I will definitely recommend this powerbank to anyone who wishes to buy. You are on a budget and you want something that will last long? Then this is your perfect buy. Don't snooze! Buy it. You won't regret it.
The quality and everything is good... you got what you paid for... perfect
The product is so good
Is exactly what I ordered for.
Good enough
Include torch light,but its everything is working perfectly
Lovely scent
The changing box battery is not strong enough
It used to connect to unknown devices. 
But it is still good anyways.
It's nice what i order is what i got
nice and stronger, very reliable.
The battery life is not good
It's nice and lasts longer
The battery is strong 
I love it
It's very good and last long
It's a very Good product
No complains, its good
It's good ???? last long but not up to 48h
It charges my infinx smart 5 for 3 times before it went out of power and I mean from 0%-100% all my friends are also getting their own. I recommend it to anyone
Was a good buy. The power bank lasts.
It's working perfectly and cand charge android phone 1.5 times before it discharges. I recommend it .
It's a very strong power Bank and the battery lasts a lot than I expected. Recommended for everyone
Great product. Highly recommend
I will recommend this for anyone.
It very strong and durable,charges my phone fast.
This is my 4th order,I got for myself ,loved it and I got for my friends.
It charges my phone from 0-100 three times.
It's the best
It's a very good product
I can recommend it anytime any day.
It has not been disappointing so far, it's been serving good.
I don't like how it's changing phone very slow
Top quality, yet affordable.
One of the best of the best power bank I ever came I cross so I recommend it for you all
It's nice and okay. But the cord isn't working why??
Working very well, I recommend it 100%.
I like that it last longer and can be use to charge more than one phone without running down
I have bought up to six of this power bank this year  . Is far better than your favorite brands . Everyone I gave the power keep asking where I got it that they like it and it last long  and Also charge fast
Perfect and easy to use.
Your Goods Is Correct
I like the power bank it working fine no any wahala at all
So perfect, I love it
Increase your quality
The product is good, very strong and last long when fully charged.
I have been using it for a while and it's has a nice fragrance ????
The product is good thou I just used it 3times now. It's charged my infinix note 12 2 and half times using just one bar indicator... I hope the last 3 bars won't just run down at once????. But even it happens I rate the battery technology as 8/10
Duration and portable definitely a good buy
Very good item. It's working very well
It is okay
Good to go
One of my best decisions. They could do better but the product is great nonetheless.
It’s a good power bank  for iPhone 
I love it exactly what I ordered
The power bank is very good and nice
It's very nice and portable to carry around
Keep it up, very nice
Quality Nivea product
The first time I bought ,it was nice and last long but now it runs down quickly
I love it
Very strong
19-05-2025by SarahVerified Purchase
It's my favourite among all is smells nice
I bought 3 for my costumers, and they were all complaining of running down so fast, 
Not like other products I've been supplying to others.
Nice product, I've been using this for years and still counting
So good as a combo deal
Thanks for the product quality. Just as seen here.
Very good. Came in good
I like this power bank too much that I have bought like five of it for and some friends and family,too good.
The power bank is good and very affordable
It's good with a long lasting battery.Can charge ur phone 3 times b4 it runs out.
Very good on the body
Bought like 6 of these, no regrets!
Been using one for 2 yrs   now ! Totally worth it
It lasts long just that when it gets to two bar it quickly dies but it’s very good, charges my phone 100% thrice
It's real, 20,000mAh. Excellent product.
It's amazing how I can charge 3 phone from 0% to 100% without one bar of the power bank flinching.
The power bank is good but only last longer when it’s fully charged but the last two bar light doesn’t last long apart from that it’s ok
Improve the quality of the clothing
I love this, long lasting powerbank
The power bank 
is really great, I’ve been using it for about half a year now and still as good as new
Nice product. Super effective and smells nice
Stong, durable, and portable 
You will love it
Smells nice. One of the best
Very much perfect 
And it last very well I can change my phone number of times before it off
You can feel it reducing quality day by day from the weight to the fading print on the body but once you charge it well it works.
Just love this power bank
Bought it for my sis and she likes it
It's fast charging and last longer. Very good product.
So far the power bank is good, the first bar charged my phone from 0-100 2 times, the 3rd time was around 80 before it dropped, but the 2 last bars are not strong
The portable power bank is very good 
And it last long
I love it????
Lasts so good, used it for months and it still delivers. Charges a 5000mah battery 3x and a half.
This 20000 mAh power bank works so well like a 50000 mAh
Nice ND working perfect
Perfect, it’s was more than my expectations
I like the power bank he's strong last and his powerful is very good I like it
Great value for money.
The power bank charged my samsung A23 three times. I recommend it and am giving this product 5 stars.
Really good at its capacity
Used it for a year I’m buying the 3rd one soon I so much love it
I love it
It lasts and it's giving
The quality isn’t very nice
I really love it so much and it lasts longer when fully
Was good and last long
Battery health is good...I'll recommend it to anyone
Excellent battery health. Strong and long lasting, i hope all other ACE ELEC power banks are this way.
Battery capacity was not good
Nice... It's exactly what I ordered
This product is so so good, bought it for my sis at it been working super well.am even about to order another one because of the quality.
Exactly what I wanted good quality and last long
It is good and strong
Have a good battery life
I've bought over and over. Perfect roll-on.
The design is great...charges my phone full with the first bar intact
It dies very fast when I'm charging two phones at a time but it's very good overall
The battery lasts very well 
Unlike some  others, 
And it's very portable
I love it so much it's last so well
It doesn't charge full easily but when it's fully charged then I am good to go
At least I am able to charge two phones substantially 
It's been a nice experience so far
Beat my imagination 
It is a good buy
Very good with great durability
Very lovely,lasts very well
Nice product.. It last long and fast charging
It’s portable and powerful it charge fast and last longer… I recommend everyone to buy this power bank
I like it cos is strong
Since my first purchase in august, the performance has been quite impressive.!
I have recommended it to a couple of friends and i have also ordered for additional 4 as gifts so far and all the users were amazed.
It's about the cheapest in its category and competing impressively despite the low budget.
It's portable, light weight and modest. I like it!
This Ace Power back is strong, portable and nice
The battery life is good
The power bank is so so so good
It perfect am definitely going to order again
Even doe I have make used of it but it is a good product my bestie recommend it
I feel comfortable and safe using it
I worth it great product
Strong n reliable. It's my second time to dis product, d first was for myself n d second time for my big bro. Thanks, please keep up d good work
This power bank charged my iPhone 13pro more than twice before one bar reduced from the power! Like even big power banks removes a bar once for charging like it’s easy to charge and it retains power and charges phone very fast it’s really worth more than the money I’ll buy more soon. Thank you.
Good product I like it  Very strong
It smell nice but doesn't last 24 hours
Great product as usual
If there is other star to include I will definitely do, the power bank serves me well and is so strong, I will surely recommend
Love it and hope it doesn’t get spoil quickly
I highly recommend it
Great and wonderful 
This power bank is good
It's really fast and excellent
It takes donkey time to fill up while charging. 
During usage, it did not meet up with the duration of my previous "Tecn-brand" I had. For me it's just an average quality.
the products is very lovely
It is great and easy to move around
It's working perfectly.  Durable and portable to hold
Nivea products are very nice.
It has a nice powerful scent and it lasts long on the body
It's a nice product, but drains fast
It so nice and working perfectly
It a good one I love it
Very good and strong product
Able to carry me the whole day. Good product
Every thing's perfect
It is strong and portable.
Good one.
very good and smells good
The product is very good and it last long
I mean it's very travel sized and light. It charged my phone from 3% to 100% on one dot that didn't even go out. It's amazing. Takes forever to charge up tho but I'll highly recommend. It's worth the money.
I like as the smell lingers on for a long time.
Exactly as seen, smells nice too
Excellent ????????????????
Very good and exactly what I ordered for
Lasting longer I love it
19-05-2025by ToyosiVerified Purchase
I love it
This is my second time of buying it
Since 2022 I still have the one I bought
It's Actually Good and At least Affordable.
So far ...it's All good 
Hoping to order for another Set sooner ????????
It is affordable and perfect smell
A good product and reliable
Perfectly working fine, portablilty top notch, great choice
I love it and it a lasting product
Love the lasting duration
The power bank is awesome ???? it works like magic it changes fast and last longer
Its a good product, this is my third purchase.
No regrets
I like the power bank. It's not too bogus and it looks effective.
I love it
It lasts long. I love it
Good odour and lasts longer.
it's powerful. I love it
Improve the material quality
am even using it right now i love it so much it is more powerful than normal 20,000 mah ajeh
I like the power bank.. this is the 8 times I’m getting it.
The power bank is good I am enjoying it very potable and serving its purpose
Smell nice, and also effective.
It's nice but switches off at 2nd bar
Smells great and lasts long enough
My friend loves it
 It lasts long  .
Lasts long and smells good
I love its lasting battery and its portability.
Good product from Ace elec
The powerbank is a quality product, it charges my 5000mah phone over 90% before dropping a bar. It is worth buying.
It's very efficient, I'll recommend it to anyone.
Is good but does last long when it get to the last two bars
This is the fourth one I'm ordering 
I highly recommend it
I love it, it serves well, and it's portable.
The Powerbank is portable and durable... I recommend ????
It's strong, portable and working perfectly well
When fully charged, it will last you to charge two 5000mah phones from 0% to 100% with like two lights left on the power bank.
I'm really enjoying it very strong and portable.  .. I have recommended my friends and they're ordering Asap
I really love it,because it last
It has a nice smell, and last longer
It doesn't swollen like some. It is Durable.
19-05-2025by BemdooVerified Purchase
I really love it, it charged my phone twice and still on 4 bar, but it really took some hours for the last bar to make the power bank full I had to change the adaptor I was using and  the power outlet where I was charging  I was really worried, but it charged fully finally ????, I really love this power bank, but the charging takes longer time????
Lasts long has a good fragrance and it’s affordable. A great buy.
The power bank is good. I recommend it
The 4th dot is great, charges phone to 100 and some but the remaining 3 just charges my phone up to 50% and then that's it.. if I'm to rate it, I guess it just charges my phone almost twice.  To use this kind of power bank you'd need consistent light even, so it doesn't really work for me
I hope the person I gifted likes it.
It's handy and it's working perfectly
I love it so much 
It’s very very great
The fragrance in it is amazing, smell Good on me. Thanks for this
It's perfect for me now
It is a lovely product, strong and effective.
The powerbank is really portable and strong. I highly recommend it.
The power bank is good when is fully charged but when it's dropped to 50% that is the two last  light it can even last for 30 minutes I think it shld be improved
It's strong and last long. I recommend it. I didn't regret ever since I bought it
Not bad I like the power bank
It is reliable, fast, and strong power bank 
I love it. Have recommended it for more than two people and am the one that order it for them. They all love it
I'm a retailer and all my customers who bought this power bank speaks good about it. Check it out.
This is the best 20,000MAh powerbank anyone can get. Fast charge, very portable, strong power that can charge your 5000MAh battery phone up to 5 time. Great product
It’s working well so far so good. Performance is more than I expected
Adding a small torchlight to it would be great..
It’s a good buy, I’ve enjoyed it so far
I like the scent is amazing
Good product keep it up
Have been using it for like 11months plus now I did not regret buying it
Very very good and it lasts longer
Excellent. Works perfectly.
It's really good and last long
All Nivea  products are nice but I love Nivea men  deep roll on most.
It's a very nice product I am still using it and it last for long hours charging my phone like 5times before it goes down totally
Great power bank. Charges  more than u expected
Just as advertised. Recommended.
19-05-2025by OluwagbohunmiVerified Purchase
Working fine i love it
The product is good at least I can charge my phone up to 2 times
Very good power bank aswear e too good e dey hold wella
It's as good as described. I love it
Nice and e dey last well
Very good and long lasting battery
Ronaldo is the greatest of all time
It's a nice buy, last really long, used it to charge my 6000mqh from 6% to hundred and the first bar only off, you won't regret buying it
it is a nice powerbank but the quality build isn't that great
I like it cause it's nice and it's portable
I would highly recommend,  works fine, lasts long and quite small to carry around
I got it for my mum and she loves
I've not gotten any complaints yet
It work well, I love it
last very well
I love it
It was a like a giveaway for the purchased amount.
Nice fragrance.
I received the product in good shape and so far, it's has shown capacity for durability. I hope it serves well for a longer period of time.
The power lasts long, I love it
I must tell you when I say a good power bank I will know I bought it today but be performance so far is incredible do you know this power Bank charge my phone from 15 to 90% without a moving even number I was surprised
Nice and portable power bank I'm enjoying it
The best product I will recommend for everyone
Its good. It can charge phone 3 times a day 
In fact I ordered it for my brother
Very nice product. Strong too
I like it because it's good and cheap
The battery is very strong 
I will recommend it over and over again
I loved it I bought it first last two years then it go stolen few days ago and I have to order same again..very strong battery cells
I got this power bank few months ago and I really doubt it will work to this extent Buh I’m glad it did. This is my 5th time buying it. Have gotten for my Husband, Brothers and Sister too. It really good and last longer. You won’t regret buying it. #Alec PowerBank is the best
It work absolutely good when charged well
Everyone has no doubt about Nivea products 
This one in particular smells nice and gets the job done 24/7
Will probably buy more in months time
This is the second time am buying it. Good job.
Its a really good powerbank. Just make sure it's fully charged
It's great and affordable. Recommend it to every man
Wen buying select d bigger sizes because 5xl is like American 2xl to 3xl, and we for it material it's ok and it fits perfectly on me, I recommend.
It's Long Lasting Power and durability.
The size is pocket friendly.
Easy to carry and give out as souvenir .
This Company needs me to be their Ambassador because have been selling out their products by telling how good and better their power bank is.
Nice smell and affordable
My sixth time of buying it for a loved one. They all love it
I would like the battery percentage to be displayed!
It is so good 
Durability was amazing, I love it
I would recommend it for anyone
Very nice and long lasting
Please improve on the quality of the cotton
I so much love the smell
It's a great bargain. Already recommended it for up to 5 people.
It works perfectly well and charge up to four phone till full
The power bank is a nice product
Good product 
Working well
I ordered it for someone and he said it's really good and last long ✌️so I recommend for you to give it a try too
It durable and lasting long, it battery life is excellent
It's perfect for my gym work out
It works perfectly for me.
It charges my phone like three times before it drains off
Just excellent for it's money
I just like everything about it
Nice product with good smell lasts long
It’s a good product,I recommend it if you want to buy it, just make sure you charge it full for the first time  before using it definitely you will enjoy it
Nice product 
Modern technology
The power bank is good and lasts long. Highly recommend
Good i love????, this the second time i'm ording it for myself and a friend
Very nice and lasts long
I got my power bank today,it's perfect,but I don't know yet about the working capacity
All I can say is that it will charge my phone two times, so far good....
Very good and awesome I can’t wait to get more
It lasts really long. It's good
This is my 3rd time buying this product for those I recommended it to.
Very nice , portable and working power bank.
It's a good Power Bank dou I prefer the 50000mah version
On the sleeve the quality is poor and different from the short
The product seems good.  Although slow in charging
Working very well for now I still wish it will work like this for ever
its nice just that the battery only last long on the first and second blue led then drain faster
It stay longer than women's own, I really love it.
this is nice,once you buy it charge it very well before use
The power bank is nice, lightweight, and good. It lasts, fully charged or not.
This product is really good
Definitely ordering for more
It's good and works well. 
Its good to use it's cord to change it.
The power is a strong one
Nice one
The short is so lovely and my younger brother lives it, but the top is given zero quality
It is strong, portable and lasts longer
I can fully charge my phone with it about 3 times
I love it
Battery is good and fast charging z
Working perfectly but the accompanying USB cord is slow
It's very good product
It's a nice product, but the t shirt and shorts are too small even at xxl
The quality was exaggerated
It's durable. I recommend this power bank
The product is very good
This product is perfect, it works perfectly fine
Very nice and recommended
Very good and reliable product
Very strong, portable and long lasting I love it
Nice material, but not comfortable wearing it due to the size, even after choosing xxl.. I still got small size top
Is good 
The fabric is poor
This power bank has been serving since I got it.
I recommend
It is good durable and last long. It serv it's purpose
It is good and last longer.i can recommend it for my friends and colleagues.
I like the fact that it lasts long
Very good and working perfectly
Because the power bank is good and strong
I like it though i have only used it for 24hrs
working perfectly and strong, I'm recommending this to any one
I so much love the power bank
Still working perfectly well
Very nice and strong lasting fragrance. I love and recommend it with full chest. You will definitely love it without regrets. ❤❤????????
Great pricing!!! I'm stuck with this brand...not going no place else.????
Quality is average and size is not accurate
The power bank is very strong and comfortable to walk around with ????????
Affordable and good power bank
The power bank is good and it lasted well especially when you charge it to the fullest. It's a good value for money.
I love the fact that it lasted longer
The power bank is good. My challenge is that it takes forever to get charged
This is the second time am buying it. Love it
This is the second time am buying it
Good and still thriving
It works perfectly well
Exactly what I ordered for . . .Great quality!
Used as my perfect gifting package ???? for the season.
The product is very good, I power my phone 3 time's.
Good product am enjoying it and the people I buy for are all enjoying the products too
AppliancesPhones & TabletsHealth & BeautyHome & OfficeElectronicsFashionSupermarketComputingBaby ProductsGamingMusical InstrumentsOther categories
Can't believe I could get such quality with that little
Nice Outfit. 
Very comfortable wear. 
My daughter loves it.
Second time buying for a friend, and she love it
I've bought 2 so far it's really good
I recommend it to anyone
It battery power is good ????????
It's prefect  and good
It last long, I love it????
It’s a good buy, it smells good too.. I will buy again ????
Not the best of fragrance but very good product
The person I got it for so much love it, he said it's very strong and last very well
A good product, I have purchased this twice and so far no regrets.
Is very excellent ????
Exactly what i got, smell nice
It's well good and portable
The quality is not really satisfactory.
It was great, I love it ????
The power bank is ok, but the charging cord is not good. A disappointing outcome.
I like the power bank, it's cool ????
Good product and last battery and charge my phone well
The product is working perfectly fine and good
It's efficient but takes quite a long time for it to get fully charged. But very good ????
It's a very nice product
I love it strong and last chargeing
It good just bought it new though but I love it
I really love the product
Good Products, I will order again
It's really awesome and amazing
The trousers is a good quality but the shirt looks like it have been already used
Nice product but it needs a faster charging technology
I have been using it and I have bought four already for myself and friends. I recommend it
Its a good and fantastic product but the thing is assoon as the  second bar of the power Bank finished the remaining two drained so fast.
It's good, original, but there are cheaper ones that you can order if you joust look for them
I like the fact that the battery lasts and it charges fast
I love the power bank it's last long and strong, portable to carry about anywhere you go
It’s really a nice product and it serves me very well
I got six of it for my self and loved ones because a friend referred it, it was ok for the first one month, but it's almost two months now, 4 out of it are malfunctioning already even though we barely use them.
Lasts long, Nice smell
Currently using it, very good power bank
Its working perfectly
The friend I bought it for, never said otherwise. Meaning it's a valuable and durable product. Love it. 5 star
It works perfectly and the battery is okay
It last like two days or more 
Good
Gave it 5 stars because it charges fast, and power bank last veryyyyyyyy long, very affordable too. I strongly recommend
Good thought I've not started using it but charged well
The powerbank performance more than my expectations, I have gotten quite a number of it for my people and every of them have good testimonies on it
It's a very good product like i didn't expect this much but it was good
The experience with the power bank was good... You should get it.
I recommend this product to any customer. It is pocket friendly and also durable. Since I bought it, I have no issue with it so far.
Just as I expected, the power bank is working perfectly
It last and smell good
Smells wonderful and keeps me dry all day long. Highly recommend.
I love the product 
Mine last longer than expected
Just perfect, my second purchase bcoz of the magic it's performing.
I love the fragrance.
Am really impressed with the work the power bank is doing, it's indeed a great product and am enjoying it.
A good and durable product
This is the third time I'm buying the power bank 
It's nice, strong and last long
19-05-2025by YusufVerified Purchase
I so much love the fact that it has a long lasting battery span
I recommend this power bank; it is reliable and long-lasting.
I love it, It's excellent
Excellent
It's a good and strong product I like it
It's very portable and works perfectly
You'll definitely get value for the money! I've bought almost 100 pieces.. I highly recommend for anyone willing for an affordable power bank with decent performance! Side points: First two bars are as strong as Olumo Rock. The last two bars drains so fast. Buts it's an A1 for me!
It's really good 
Smells nice, good quality
Smells anice and lasts
It's of low quality 
It's too light
It works fine, has a good battery just make it last a little longer
It works as good as the bigger brands do almost even better.
The displayed picture had better quality as compared to the real one
The most precious thing I like is the long lasting batteries
I like everything about it
It's portable and powers my phone, good product
Nice product I like it
Nivea roll-on is nice as always
Make it a little bit large to fit anyone
Lovely and affordable ????
It last longer. It's very nice
The power bank lasts when it is on three and four bars but quickly drops and go off when it is at two bars. This should be improved upon please, otherwise excellent product
I don't think I've ordered any Nivea product that I don't like. Love the smell of the roll on so much, it's manly!
this is my forth time buying . i love this product. If you want to enjoy better. Buy a separate type c charger. Mine has been helping since I bought it 